Why do you still call me Your Highness?
Ah!
The emperor's humble duties and ceremonial reports
But it's okay to say
Chen Yuanxiao wiped us all out
And took all our books
Why didn't you say so earlier?
Didn't I tell you all to hide?
Chen Yuanxiao cracked all our codes
How is it now, Your Highness?
Chen Yuanxiao has already attacked and destroyed the saint
We don't have much time left.
I really don't want to take this last step.
Emperor
When things come to light, we'll be powerless to come back
Now is not the time to hesitate
or
Why don't we do it the other way around?
Anti what anti
You forgot about the fourth
You take this to Tianzhu.
There's someone over there
I thought I relied on the emperor that day. How about you?
Oh.
Of course I went to meet that wife
Who says you have to lead troops?
It's really done by the boss